♪
-FUCHES: Here.
-It's our next job!
A Bolivian stash house.
BARRY BERKMAN:
Fuches, this isn't a hit.
This is a raid.
Admit it,
you had a good time.
Okay, I actually did.
Well, you're the detective,
and I got the confession.
I'm investigating the murder
of one of your students.
This cannot be a thing.
Okay, pause it right there.
DETECTIVE LOACH:
Shit, you can't see his face.
You gonna introduce me
to your friends?
That's Taylor and that's Vaughn.
We were in the Marines together.
-They're harmless.
What you gonna do? Oh, shit!
Whoa! That was a good one!
God, I am so sick of people
telling me what I am!
Do-- do you have any idea
what that feels like?
-No, I don't.
-Well it makes me feel
like I'm not even a person.
What?
Whatever this is...
I want in.
Computer:
You have two
new voice messages.
Man:
Barry, it's Taylor,
Chris's friend
from the party.
I was just calling
to check and see
when we were going
to kill those Bolivians.
Okay. Fuck yeah. Later.
Barry, Taylor.
You didn't kill
those Bolivians yet, did ya?
I really wanna
kill them with you,
so, give me a buzz. Bye.
Chris: Oh!
Oh, like that.
Oh!
Almost. Ready?
It was nice meeting
your friends this weekend.
Oh, thanks, man.
That Taylor guy, what's, uh,
what's
Honestly?
I don't fucking know.
We met in this program
that helps vets reacclimate.
Yeah, he was the first guy
they ever kicked out.
Great.
Ooh!
I want the big rat.
You want the big rat?
Yes!
Done.
Watch this.
What do we got?
He-- he's a, uh,
he's a solid dude,
though, right?
Oh yeah, for sure.
Yeah?
Yeah, we were, uh,
we were at this bar
hanging one time,
and this guy spilled
a drink on my leg,
and then Taylor broke
the dude's jaw.
Cool.
I want the big rat.
I'm-- I'm just
a little rusty.
Give me the thing.
I got it.
Big rat.
Hey, Barry,
would you mind taking
a picture of us?
Oh. Yeah, sure.
Honey.
Yeah?
Take a picture?
Oh yes. Yeah.
You get a picture?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Hey, um,
can you do me a favor?
Can you-- can you not tell
Sharon that we hung out
with Taylor last night?
She's not a fan, so.
Oh. But he's a nice dude,
though, right?
Yeah. Okay.
Here we go.
Sharon:
Say, "Cheese."
Chris:
Wanna put him
on my lap?
Okay, yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Sit with Daddy, okay?
Here we go, Mikey.
Now, big smiles.
You look so pretty.
Hey. Look right there, buddy.
Sally: Yay!
Is he smiling?
Here. Get in.
Get in here.
Okay. It's me.
♪ ♪
Oh, my. Shh!
The list is up.
The what?
Casting assignments
for the annual Shakespeare
showcase, Barry!
If I'm not Titus Andronicus,
I'm gonna burn this fucking
place to the ground.
Puck?
Fucking Puck?
Jeez.
Nick:
Again?
Oh, hey, the list is up
for the Shakespeare carnival.
Yeah-huh.
Hey, did you get
my messages?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, sorry about that.
I think I was just
a little jealous
of your talking
to that guy and stuff.
Okay.
Can we reset, maybe?
Like, um, let me
take you to dinner
and, I don't know,
we can go
to an aqua park
or an arcade
or something?
Yeah, totally.
Or we could try
not speaking to each other
for a couple of days
or, like, even say
a month or two
and reset that way.
Okay.
I just feel like you've got
some toxic masculinity issues
you need to work out,
and until then, we just
shouldn't interact so much
or like at all.
You know?
Scene partners.
Yeah, you and Barry
are doing
the Macbeth  scene
with Natalie.
Oh, I don't want to play
Lady Macbeth again.
Yeah, well,
don't worry about it,
because Natalie is.
What?
Yeah, casting's fucked
this year. Fucked.
Focus.
There is somebody here
to talk to you...
about Ryan's murder.
♪ ♪
Moss:
Okay, we released
this photo today.
It's a screen shot
of the recovered footage
of Ryan's murder,
and I'm hoping
one of you recognizes
the man in this photo.
♪ ♪
Sasha:
Ooh.
I'm sorry. Excuse me.
Is this the best photo
that you've got?
Yeah.
'Cause it looks like, um,
a thumb with arms.
Is this the back
or the front?
Mm.
'Cause usually
in the front of a head,
there's a face.
Mm.
Yeah, we did a scene
in class from CSI
where I played
a young technician
who enhances a photo
from an ATM.
We should enhance this.
That's not a thing.
Well, we caught the criminal
in the scene, so.
Okay, look,
this is the best photo
that we can do,
so if any of you have
any idea who this is,
then my phone number is
on the bottom of the flier.
Okay?
Which I happen to have
on my phone too.
So be, on the lookout for a man
with no discernible features.
He killed your friend.
And, uh, Detective Janice Moss,
thank you so much for coming
to my classroom.
Thank you very much.
Such a pleasure.
Let go of my hand now.
Can you let go?
Okay. Thank you for coming.
Thank you. Okay.
So, um... so, um, uh,
also, I need to speak
with Eric, Jermaine,
and Barry in private, please.
Gene:
Come on down.
Moss: Gentlemen?
Okay, one thing we can tell
from our photo is
that our mystery shooter
is at least six feet tall.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, okay, I see.
So me, Jermaine, and Eric,
we're the... tall guys.
Moss: Exactly.
But you served in the Marines.
Where were you deployed?
Baqubah mostly,
and Afghanistan.
So you know your way
around a gun?
Yeah.
Plenty of training then?
Does me being tall
make me a suspect or...
Only in the sense
of my desperation
to rule you out as such.
Now, on the night
that Ryan died,
I know that you were
in the theater,
because you spoke
to Ge-- Mr. Cousineau.
Did you go anywhere after that?
I went and had dinner
with Frank Ewing,
from our corporate office
in Texas.
Okay. Did you
go home after that?
No, Frank and I went
and had, uh, drinks
with a guy from
a manufacturing plant,
Ramón Díaz.
So I'm sure you wouldn't mind
giving me their numbers, right?
Absolutely.
Yah!
Oh shit.
Box phone.
Box phone!
Box phone. Box phone...
Yeah.
Fuches :
Yeah, Frank here!
Hi. Mr. Ewing?
Can you hold on a sec?
I'm on the factory floor!
Hey, Larry!
Move that forklift
over there, would ya?
You think Eric did it?
What?
I think he did.
Know what I'm saying?
He's a fucking psycho.
What did we do? We split
a piece of that key lime pie,
uh, and then we, uh,
we went out with a fella
by the name of, uh...
Ramón Díaz,
out of manufacturing,
for a nightcap. Yeah.
Okay. Thank you so much
for your time, Mr. Ewing.
Fuches: Bye-bye.
This is Ramón.
Barry, you're good to go.
Eric.
Hi!
Goran:
The fucking police
were at my house,
asking me,
"Do you recognize
voice on camera?
Do you know man
who got away?"
And I am thinking, "Yes.
"I... I know man who got away.
"It is same fucking moron
who put lipstick camera in car."
Too much heat.
We must call off
stash house hit...
Whoa. Whoa.
...killing Bolivian leader.
All of it.
Goran. Goran.
I think that's
a great idea, Goran.
You know what? I got it.
I think that's
what we should do.
Goran, walk with me.
Come on.
Yeah, come on.
I wanna tell you something.
You play the market,
Goran
You ever heard
of Warren Buffet,
the world's greatest investor?
He says, "Be bold."
♪ ♪
How great is this place?
You know, Barry,
if Goran
calls off this hit,
uh, because of my video...
I'm dead man.
I don't care.
No.
I'm-- I'm serious.
I'm serious, too.
He should kill you.
You brought
a lipstick cam to a hit,
fucking idiot.
What can I say, man?
I'm a gearhead.
You know?
I love gack.
Wow.
And what is this talk
about killing me?
Come on.
Cool your jets, man.
You sound like
a psychopath.
I think what
I'm trying to say is,
if there's ever a time
to call a job off,
now is not it.
You know, Bolivians
get wind of this,
you're a puta  this
and maricón  that.
You know what they're gonna say?
They're gonna say,
you wear pissy pants.
No.
No, I know,
you don't wear pissy pants.
You wear
big-boy-who-takes-down-
stash-house pants.
Right? But they
don't know that.
Papa!
Papa, watch me.
Hi, honey.
Papa is watching.
Ah! Doing great!
My family is
already blaming me
for death of Stovka.
If anything else
goes wrong,
I am so fucked.
Ah.
Way to go, Jenny.
Goran. Goran.
Don't worry.
It'll be great. Great!
He was
about to call it off.
Fuches: Yeah.
Why didn't you let him
call it off?
I know!
You're not
on the management
side of things.
This isn't in your purview,
but subtle concept here:
He calls off the raid,
we don't make the money.
See? Even now,
you're calling it a raid.
Barry, buddy...
I know you can do this.
Nothing'll go wrong!
"Nothing'll go wrong"?
I just got grilled
by a fucking cop.
I know you did,
and you followed
protocol perfectly,
except for being
in a fucking acting class,
and because of that,
Ramón had to save your ass.
Say, "Gracias,  Ramón."
Look, we're back on track.
We're good to go! Right?
There's a Marine named Taylor,
he knows about the hit.
He wants in,
he's probably crazy.
Fuches:
Fuck!
God damn it!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
You fucking moron!
Shit. Shit.
I've given
this some thought, and...
this isn't bad.
Don't get me wrong,
you're still a fucking idiot.
You could've really fucked us,
but, fortunately for you,
I thrive in parameters.
So, you and wacko do the hit.
We do?
Yeah, and then afterwards,
you take him out.
Take him out?
Mm-hmm.
He's a Marine.
I don't fucking
care who he is.
He knows too much.
He has to go.
So, what, we just take out
whoever threatens us?
That's...
toxic masculinity.
What the fuck is that?
It-- it doesn't matter.
It
We take out bad dudes.
You made him a bad dude.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, he' a Marine.
Once we start
fucking killing Marines,
where does it stop?
No fucking way!
No, no, he's a Marine!
That's nuts!
All right.
He's a Marine,
you're a Marine.
Who fucking cares
You remember
your training
You take out who you're told,
when you're told.
You leave arbitration
to the fucking pearly gates!
Barry, this guy could
get us busted or killed.
He could get
all your little actor
friends killed.
Taylor has to die!
And you know that.
♪ ♪
Oh Jesus.
Look.
You know
he has to die, right?
Or has that acting class erased
all your common sense, huh?
Barry?
Look at me.
You know Taylor
has to die, right?
Good.
So, do that,
you kill all the guys
in the stash house.
It seems
pretty simple to me.
You know, sometimes,
you just have to shut up...
do your fucking job.
♪ ♪
"Out, damned spot!
"Out, I say!
One: two: why, then,
'tis time to do't."
"Do you mark that?"
"What, will these hands
ne'er be clean?
No more o' that, O Lord,
no more o' that."
"Go to, go to.
You... have known
what you should not."
"She has spoke
what she should not,
I am sure of that:
heaven knows
what she has known."
"Here's the smell
of the blood still:
"all the perfumes of Arabia
could not sweeten
this little hand.
Oh. Oh! Oh!"
Wow...
Wow. Wow.
Wow.
Gene:
All right. Now, uh,
anybody have a thought
about what we just saw?
Ugh.
Sally, you seem
to have a thought.
Um, just one
thought really. I...
It's not working.
Because...?
I'm not really sure.
I mean, I feel like
the last time
we did this scene,
it was really flowing.
The last time? Meaning like
when you were Lady Macbeth?
Right. I just feel like
when I was doing it,
I sort of, you know,
tapped into the emotion
of the piece,
and I feel like when
you're doing it--
no offense--
you're just
kind of saying words.
Okay, that is
actually very offensive.
I'm just trying
to be constructive.
Well, that's really
not constructive at all.
It's actually
the opposite of constructive.
It's un-structive to me.
Okay. All right.
Claws in.
All right, class,
open to anybody.
What is
this scene about?
Um, guilt.
Good start.
Sasha: Okay, well,
that's what the spot is.
Like, Lady Macbeth
thought that she can kill
whoever she wanted to kill,
to be in charge,
and then just move on,
but she can't.
You know, like,
because once you start killing,
you can never just go back.
That's what the stain is.
She's stained forever.
I'm not sure that's true.
Antonio:
No, it is.
Sasha: Yeah.
Her soul is fucked,
as well as Macbeth's.
Yeah.
Jermaine: Well, actually,
he's more fucked,
don't you think?
I mean, she just ordered
the murder, but he actually
carried that shit out.
Right, but it was her idea,
though, you know?
Like, so sh-she...
She made him do it.
So, what?
So he's off the hook?
Yeah, I mean,
I don't think he's
gonna be messed up for life.
Did you read
the end of the play?
Sally: Hey!
Whoa, whoa,
he's a murderer.
No, he was following orders.
Sometimes you just have
to shut up and do your job.
Yeah, but doesn't
Macbeth have free will?
Yeah.
He doesn't have to take
Lady Macbeth's orders.
He can stand up for himself
and say, "No, I'm not
gonna do that."
Right, that's what
I would do.
Antonio: Absolutely.
Yeah, duh,
we all would do that.
Sasha: Yeah, of course.
I dis-- I disagree,
I guess.
I feel like Shakespeare
whiffed it on this one.
Oh my God!
Are we really debating
the morality of murder?
That's what
the play is about!
Macbeth is a murderer!
Yeah, well, I guess
then so am I. Right?
I mean,
I've killed people.
What? I should just
go blow my brains out
'cause there no hope
for me, right?
My soul's fucked
because I was ordered
to kill someone and I did it?
You know, it doesn't
make me a psycho.
No, Barry,
you're overreacting.
We didn't say
you were a psycho.
You all just said that!
Am I wrong?
Isn't that what
you guys are saying?
I'm a fucking psycho?
It's exactly what
you fucking said!
It's really easy
for you guys to sit here
and weigh in on some shit
that you don't know about,
but it's, um,
it's fucking lame,
and-and--
and it's not true.
Okay, okay. All right,
Barry, take a breath.
Take a breath.
I think
that Barry is relating
to his experience
in the military,
which is
completely justifiable.
And I want to say on behalf
of the rest of the class--
boy, I'll tell ya,
thank you for your service.
Really.
Thank you, Barry.
But I think that you
will all agree with me
that if you kill
outside of war...
you're a fucking psycho.
I mean, then
you're irredeemable.
Am I right?
Natalie: Yes, you're right.
Gene: All right,
let's take a tight five
and then come back
for group exercises upstairs.
I would love a coffee.
♪ ♪
Computer: You have
one new voice message.
Taylor:
Barry, Taylor.
Let's fucking
do this thing, man.
Kill people.
Fuck yeah.
Later.
♪ ♪
I don't know.
I feel like an idiot
for saying all that.
I mean, I can't believe
we forgot that he's
in the military.
Yeah.
I can't even begin
to imagine.
I know.
It's terrible.
Fine. Guys,
maybe he was uncomfortable,
but does that really
make it okay
for him to scream
at us like that?
I mean, I was scared.
I think he owes us
all a huge apology.
You know, I did
one of those online quizzes
to see if I was living
in a bubble or not,
and it turns out I am.
Oh.
Sasha:
I know,
which I guess could mean
that we all are.
Regardless, that's just
not how we treat each other.
Am I right?
Look, I'm just looking out
for the group.
Are you?
What does that mean?
I mean, I don't recall
getting an apology
from you about Zach.
Who's Zach?
Pinocchio?
Jesus Christ, let it go.
He invited me to another party,
so we left.
We're both adults.
I wanted to be
an adult with him, Sally.
Not you, me.
Yeah, she was
talking about him
for fucking weeks.
Natalie:
Yeah.
Weeks.
And I feel like
if you were really worried
about the group,
you just
would've respected that.
Right.
Oh my God, are you serious?
What is this, middle school?
No, Sally, it's not!
It's acting class.
So, uh, how'd it go
with the Bigfoot photo?
No takers.
The three possibles
in the acting class
all alibied out.
Good news. All right.
Wait, wait.
What are you doing?
You just said the three
could be alibied out.
But my gut says
we're not finished.
We're missing something,
and we're not done
with the acting class.
Loach:
Moss, you think
any of these cupcakes
could honestly
be a criminal?
I mean, look at this.
Oh, special skills, yeah.
Southern accent.
Yeah. Jazz and tap.
Oh, a retail associate
at the Gap.
Hardcore, hmm?
Pictures stay up.
Oh, come on, Moss.
Why are you
holding onto this?
♪ ♪
♪ This thing is
all in fun ♪
♪ When all
is said and done ♪
♪ How far can it go? ♪
Hi.
Oh.
The siren returns.
♪ A show or two ♪
Oh! We're going right
into it? Okay.
Yeah!
Gene: Okay.
Barry: All right,
so we'll make entry here.
And if that's blocked,
we'll move
to a secondary entry point,
which is right here. Okay?
Now, I wanna maintain
fire superiority the whole time,
and if things go
to shit or you're hit,
and you're not mobile,
stay where you're at,
and I'll-- I'll come find you,
and I'll get you.
♪ ♪
Is that good with you?
Yup.
You know,
I won't think less of you
if you have any questions.
Roger that.
You know, it's just us
going in there.
No air strike,
no backup, no nothing.
It's-- it's just you and I,
and there could be up to,
like, 20 guys in there.
Yeah. It's gonna be
a party.
It's not really
a party time.
There's a good chance
we'll die.
Fuck yeah.
It's not really
a high-five situation
or a fist-bump situation.
What I need to know
is that you have my back,
and I'm letting you know
that I have your back.
All right.
Then we should go.
♪ ♪
Taylor:
These dudes
might've peaced out.
They've been torturing
people in here.
Taylor:
Sweet.
One, two...
One.
Leroy Jenkins!
Barry, come on!
Barry,
I got your back!
Barry!
What the fuck, Barry?
Barry, come on, bro!
What are you doing?
Barry, come on!
♪ ♪
Barry: Thanks,
Miss Thomas.
I'll tell Sally
you said, "Hi."
Andy hit me first, Dad.
Barry:
Then you go get a teacher.
But if I do that,
kids'll think I'm a pussy.
Who cares
what they think?
It's fine to get mad,
but hitting somebody?
That's not you.
Don't let someone lower you
to that kind of behavior. Okay?
You're bigger than that.
You're a good guy, Denzel.
Taylor:
Whoo!
You okay, dude?
I have a concussion.
I can't see straight.
I smoked
this fucking fool for ya,
smoked all them!
Fuck yeah!
That's why
you brought me, bro!
Got your back. Come on,
check this shit out. Let's go.
Come on! Whoo!
Whoo!
Get some!
Barry, get down here, man.
Check this shit out.
Check it out.
They didn't say anything
about this, right?
Mission was
just to eliminate
the targets?
Dude, this is mega.
Hit the frigging jackpot.
♪ ♪
We're a team, brother.
Look at this.
I'm gonna get
a frigging boat.
You know how many
fucking chicks we're gonna
fucking get with this shit?
I can't believe this.
Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck yeah.
Fuck yeah!
Keep it down.
Barry!
You are the man.
Keep it down.
You are the fuck--
Tell me you're the man.
It's done.
You are the fucking man.
Sit, sit, sit,
sit down.
God damn.
I'm gonna throw up.
I haven't slept.
I thought you
were dead for sure,
but look at you.
Here you are.
Goran's gonna be
so happy.
Right. I-- I know.
I-- I know you're sad,
because you had to ice Taylor,
but, you know, like you said,
he had to go.
No loose ends, huh?
Taylor:
What's up?
Fuches, Taylor.
Taylor, Fuches.
Hey, man.
♪ Let's go, come on! ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I give you the green light
to do whatever you like ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby,
anything can happen
at the end of the night ♪
♪ No shawty taking a bite ♪
♪ You do whatever you like ♪
♪ Ee-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I give you the green light
to do whatever you like ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby,
anything can happen ♪
♪ At the end
of the night ♪
♪ No shawty
taking a bite ♪
♪ You do
whatever
you like ♪
(singing
in Spanish)
♪ ♪
♪
-TAYLOR: We take that money
from the stash house.
Kill Fuches, live your dreams.
Kill Fuches
I
Barry got the stash house!
He does great work!
Now Cristobal will come to US,
and we will be waiting for him.
Let me kill him.
You're so creepy, man.
GENE COUSINEAU:
Nobody believes my class
could be involved
in Ryan's death,
-except for you.
-Let's go to work.
♪  ♪
You and wacko do the hit...